I received many extra charges on my credit card. When messaging to resolve the issue I was asked if I would like to speak to a technician. When I said yes, the messaging stopped and a box popped up with a place for me to put my phone number and wanted to charge me two dollars for a call. Ridiculous!
Absolute joke, frustrating is an understatement!
I’m very disappointed that Apple could not  stop my Apple account from being hacked. They need to protect people who buy their products. I have cancelled my credit card but Apple would not stop the hacker from purchasing an iPhone 16. So sad!
I was unable to get connected to my home WiFi on this iPhone 13 where as on iPhone15 it was working fine. I contacted Apple India and got support from Phillip. He checked up my other phone with serial no and told me to show the screen with my camera. He resolved the issue as phone was not updated since June 24. He has been guiding us with great patience and understanding as we are not very tech savvy. Also helped us to back up issues. I am doing my update and phone is working fine. I am personally delighted to interact and resolve issues with Apple rep Phillip. Great help and big thank you
I resolved my credit card debt, which had negatively impacted my credit score for years. By seeking help from HackingProTeam, I initiated a credit dispute that successfully led to the payment of the outstanding debt, its removal from my credit records, and the elimination of all negative items from my credit report. This process was completed seamlessly, without causing any harm to my credit profile across the three credit bureaus. As a result, I am now successfully verified for a Chase Premium Credit Card with a credit line totaling over $250,000, with no upfront payment required.
Apple Products are definitely not overrated in fact in my view they are the best on the market if you take into account every important feature they include. In short the privacy, security measures, and the speed at which updates are implemented when such times as when a new virus is detected, hence putting the user at the minimum time of vulnerability. Probably the most important point which puts them above all other products is that Apple writes it’s own operating system and designs it’s new hardware no other supplier does these thing in it’s entirety. Because Apple designs and writes both of these the Operating system can be specifically designed to run on their own hardware and the hardware is specifically designed to run on the IOS operating system. Most other phone manufacturers use the Android operating system based in the Linux. an therefore cannot design the hardware & operating system to run on each other.
